Add efs support (#140)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/resources/efs_mount_target.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EFS mount targets can be imported using `id`, e.g.,
```

Reviewer 2: Докинь в пример пожалуйста создание fs, чтобы пример можно было запустить скопировав
\+ там используется aws az, нужно заменить

И в качестве имени ресурсов используй example вместо foo, alpha и пр (применимо и к другим примерам)

  subnet_id      = aws_subnet.example.id
}

resource "aws_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
}

resource "aws_subnet" "example" {
  vpc_id            = aws_vpc.example.id
  availability_zone = "ru-msk-vol51"
  cidr_block        = "10.0.1.0/24"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `file_system_id` - (Required) The ID of the file system for which the mount target is intended.
* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the subnet to add the mount target in.
* `security_groups` - (Optional) A list of up to 5 security group IDs in effect for the mount target.
The security groups must be for the same VPC as the subnet specified.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `availability_zone_id` - The unique and consistent identifier of the availability zone that the mount target resides in.
* `dns_name` - The DNS name for the EFS file system.
* `id` - The ID of the mount target.
* `network_interface_id` - The ID of the network interface that EFS created along with the mount target.
* `owner_id` - The ID of the account that owns the resource.

## Import

> The EFS mount targets can be imported using `id`, e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EFS mount targets can be imported using `id`, for example:
```

---
subcategory: "EFS (Elastic File System)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "aws_efs_mount_target"
description: |-

>   Provides an Elastic File System (EFS) mount target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Creates an Elastic File System (EFS) mount target.
```

---

[mount-target]: https://docs.k2.cloud/ru/services/efs/efs.html#id19

# Resource: aws_efs_mount_target

> Provides an Elastic File System (EFS) mount target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates an Elastic File System (EFS) mount target.
```

* `file_system_id` - (Required) The ID of the file system for which the mount target is intended.
* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the subnet to add the mount target in.

> * `security_groups` - (Optional) A list of up to 5 VPC security group IDs (that must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `security_groups` - (Optional) A list of up to 5 security group IDs in effect for the mount target.
```

> be for the same VPC as subnet specified) in effect for the mount target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The security groups must be for the same VPC as the subnet specified.
```

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the mount target.
* `dns_name` - The DNS name for the EFS file system.

> * `network_interface_id` - The ID of the network interface that Amazon EFS created when it created the mount target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `network_interface_id` - The ID of the network interface that EFS created along with the mount target.
```

> * `availability_zone_id` - The unique and consistent identifier of the Availability Zone (AZ) that the mount target resides in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `availability_zone_id` - The unique and consistent identifier of the availability zone that the mount target resides in.
```

> * `owner_id` - AWS account ID that owns the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `owner_id` - The ID of the account that owns the resource.
```
